1 Let us sing to the Lord: for he is gloriously magnified, * the horse and the rider he hath thrown into the sea.
2 The Lord is my strength and my praise, * and he is become salvation to me:
3 He is my God and I will glorify him: * the God of my father, and I will exalt him.
4 The Lord is as a man of war, Almighty is his name. * Pharao's chariots and his army he hath cast into the sea:
5 His chosen captains are drowned in the Red Sea. * The depths have covered them, they are sunk to the bottom like a stone.
6 Thy right hand, O Lord, is magnified in strength: thy right hand, O Lord, hath slain the enemy. * And in the multitude of thy glory thou hast put down thy adversaries:
7 Thou hast sent thy wrath, which hath devoured them like stubble. * And with the blast of thy anger the waters were gathered together:
8 The flowing water stood, * the depths were gathered together in the midst of the sea.
9 The enemy said: I will pursue and overtake, * I will divide the spoils, my soul shall have its fill:
10 I will draw my sword, * my hand shall slay them.
11 Thy wind blew and the sea covered them: * they sunk as lead in the mighty waters.
12 Who is like to thee, among the strong, O Lord? * who is like to thee, glorious in holiness, terrible and praiseworthy, doing wonders?
13 Thou stretchedst forth thy hand, and the earth swallowed them. * In thy mercy thou hast been a leader to the people which thou hast redeemed:
14 And in thy strength thou hast carried them * to thy holy habitation.
15 Nations rose up, and were angry: * sorrows took hold on the inhabitants of Philisthiim.
16 Then were the princes of Edom troubled, trembling seized on the stout men of Moab: * all the inhabitants of Chanaan became stiff.
17 Let fear and dread fall upon them, * in the greatness of thy arm:
18 Let them become unmoveable as a stone, until thy people, O Lord, pass by: * until this thy people pass by, which thou hast possessed.
19 Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thy inheritance, * in thy most firm habitation which thou hast made,
20 O Lord; thy sanctuary, O Lord, which thy hands have established. * The Lord shall reign for ever and ever.
21 For Pharao went in on horseback with his chariots and horsemen into the sea: * and the Lord brought back upon them the waters of the sea:
22 But the children of Israel walked on dry ground * in the midst thereof. 
